# Erase First or Second Letter
**Problem ID:** 1917B | **Rating:** 1100 | **Tags:** `brute force`, `combinatorics`, `data structures`, `dp`, `strings`
**Language:** PyPy 3-64 | **Time:** 124 ms | **Memory:** 11700 KB | **Solved At:** 2025-03-09 20:27
**Link:** [Codeforces Problem Page](https://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/1917/B)

---
## Description

You are given a string $s$ of length $n$. Let's define two operations you can apply on the string:

- remove the first character of the string;
- remove the second character of the string.

Your task is to find the number of distinct **non-empty** strings that can be generated by applying the given operations on the initial string any number of times (possibly zero), in any order.

## Input Specification

Each test consists of multiple test cases. The first line contains a single integer $t$ ($1 \leq t \leq 10^4$) — the number of test cases. The description of the test cases follows.

The first line of each test case contains $n$ ($1 \leq n \leq 10^5$) — the length of the string.

The second line of each test case contains the string $s$. It is guaranteed that the string only contains lowercase letters of the English alphabet.

It is guaranteed that the sum of $n$ over all test cases does not exceed $2 \cdot 10^5$.

## Output Specification

For each test case, output a single integer: the number of distinct non-empty strings you can get.

## Sample Tests

### Sample 1
**Input:**
```
5
5
aaaaa
1
z
5
ababa
14
bcdaaaabcdaaaa
20
abcdefghijklmnopqrst
```

**Output:**
```
5
1
9
50
210
```

## Note

In the first test case, we can get the following strings: $a$, $aa$, $aaa$, $aaaa$, $aaaaa$.

In the third test case, for example, the word $ba$ can be reached in the following way:

- remove the first character of the current string $ababa$, getting $baba$;
- remove the second character of the current string $baba$, getting $bba$;
- remove the second character of the current string $bba$, getting $ba$.

